# Rental-management-system
   In this project, we are aiming to make the life of a property holder easier. Some people have a lot of property in their name, and them having to manage each one is a hassle. From making sure the renter is paying on time, to making sure the manager is not cheating. This system will resolve the problems of countless men and women around the world that own a lot of property and rent it out but are not able to keep track of everything that comes into the picture. In this system, we aim to involve the Owner(Admin) of the property, the renters that are renting a certain property owned by the Admin of the system, and the Manager. There can be multiple managers, each accountable for their own property, or there can be one Manager as well, depending on the admin and his/her needs.               This system will basically make sure there's no mismanagement, cheating, or other forms of misunderstandings happening between the Admin, Manager, and the Renter. Once the Renter pays their due amount to the manager, who will send that amount further to the owner, a message will be generated by the manager, in which he/she will write the amount that was given to them by the renter. The manager will press send, and that message will be sent to the Renter and the Admin. The manager and the renter will get a message to either approve or decline the request. If the message is declined by either party that means that either the manager cheated and didn't put in the correct amount, or something went wrong somewhere else, regardless of where things went wrong, the 3 parties can further communicate and figure out whether someone cheated or what essentially happened. In this system, the admin will be able to see the entire database in which he/she can see how much money each renter owes him, whether that’s the pending amount from before or a current amount. If it's a pending amount, and they send some of the money, it will get subtracted from the due amount. If they still haven't paid, the amount will get added to their pending amount. This will clarify how much each renter has yet to pay and also make it easier for the admin to see which manager is actually working or not, for if the money isn't being sent by each renter every month, it means the manager is failing to do his/her job. Along with that, the admin will be able to see the renter’s and manager’s information, such as their names, id, etc.  We aim to provide clarity for property holders using our system and aim to make their life easier to the point where they can blindfold trust the system’s promising ways of achieving a stressless life.
